The scripts in this folder are used to easily add and remote staff members from AD. 
I started these scripts as a hobby of mine. I wanted a free way to add and remove staff members from AD without much work in the back in. Setting everything up takes
time but once everything is set up. The scripts work pretty well.

Just a note—these scripts were built at a small company I worked for: under 50 employees, 2 techs, tight budget. No room for 3rd-party tools. Hiring or terminations went from 3 hours to 30 mins.

Best to download each file and place it in C:\Temp . But you can point the file where you like, you will need to update the file paths in the scripts. 
There's a few scripts in the Staff member AD details folder that you can use to pull data from AD to input into the Staff-AccountData file.

The Staff-Onboarding PowerShell script pulls information from the Excel file called Staff-AccountData. Below, I will explain the purpose of each sheet. 

The ideal of this script is to be able to use this anywhere without modifying to much of the script. Only setting up the Excel file. Which should be static to some
degree. 

Important Note:
Each sheet contains a header. Do not modify the header as it aligns with the script's functionality. The idea for this file is to be used like a master list.

File: Staff-AccountDate.xlsx
Sheet: "Job Title Groups"
>  The sheet should be the minimum amount of groups a job title is required to have. 
>  Column A contains "Group#". The "Group#" should increment according to the job title that has the most security groups associated with it.
>  The first row lists each job title.
>  Leave A1 blank.
>  The script " StaffMemberDetails.ps1 " in folder " Staff member AD details " will export information from all users under a given OU into 3 different sheets and
saves the data to C:\Temp\UserDetailsReport1.xlsx. You can use this to build the Staff-AccountData excel file.
Sheet 1 - User Details     >  Full Name,Email Address,SamAccountName,Mobile Phone,IP Phone,Title,Department,Manager
Sheet 2 - User Groups      >  User groups that each staff member has assigned to them
Sheet 3 - Job Title Groups >  Loops thru everyone's job title and pulls the groups from each.

Sheet: "Department Manager"
>  The manager's name should go under the "Manager" header, and the department name should be under the "Department" header. Who that staff member directly reports to.

Sheet: "Department OU"
>  Department column must align with the "OUPath" column.
>  Department names go under the "Department" header, and their corresponding OU paths go under the "OUPath" header.

Sheet: "Domain"
>  Only edit the OU path for EnabledOU and DisabledOU. 
>  Domainorg and domaincom will need to be updated in row A2 and B2. If you are using 2 different domains. If you are only using one, just update the domaincom in B2.

Sheet: "Office OU"
>  The "Office" column must align with the "OUPath" column.

Sheet: "Office Location"
>  The "Department" column must match the "Office" column.

File: Staff-Terminated
This file stores the name of every person you use in the Staff-Offboarding script. 

I have been using a testing server with Active Directory Users and Computers installed. The Staff-AccountDataSample file is a sample file that I use to test out the scripts that I write. As long as you structure the excel file to your AD environment, everything should work pretty good. 

Bedtime notes:
